Migrated sample to .NET 7.0 removing need for implicit flow (#8)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-blazor-wasm: WebApp-graph-user/Call-MSGraph/README.md

* [Overview](#overview)
* [Scenario](#scenario)
* [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
* [Setup the sample](#setup-the-sample)
* [Explore the sample](#explore-the-sample)
* [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)
* [About the code](#about-the-code)
* [Next Steps](#next-steps)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [Learn More](#learn-more)

## Overview

This sample demonstrates a ASP.NET Core Blazor WebAssembly Web App calling Microsoft Graph.

> :information_source: To learn how applications integrate with [Microsoft Graph](https://aka.ms/graph), consider going through the recorded session:: [An introduction to Microsoft Graph for developers](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBbnpFdB92A)

## Scenario

1. The client ASP.NET Core Blazor WebAssembly Web App uses the  to sign-in a user and obtain a JWT [ID Token](https://aka.ms/id-tokens) and an [Access Token](https://aka.ms/access-tokens) from **Azure AD**.
1. The **access token** is used as a *bearer* token to authorize the user to call the Microsoft Graph protected by **Azure AD**.

> ![Scenario Image](./ReadmeFiles/topology.png)

Reviewer: looks like the image is busted

1. Since this app signs-in users, we will now proceed to select **delegated permissions**, which is is required by apps signing-in users.
    1. In the app's registration screen, select the **API permissions** blade in the left to open the page where we add access to the APIs that your application needs:
    1. Select the **Add a permission** button and then:
    1. Ensure that the **Microsoft APIs** tab is selected.
    1. In the *Commonly used Microsoft APIs* section, select **Microsoft Graph**
    1. In the **Delegated permissions** section, select **User.Read** in the list. Use the search box if necessary.
    1. Select the **Add permissions** button at the bottom.

##### Configure the webApp app (WebApp-blazor-wasm) to use your app registration

Open the project in your IDE (like Visual Studio or Visual Studio Code) to configure the code.

> In the steps below, "ClientID" is the same as "Application ID" or "AppId".

1. Open the `blazorwasm-calls-MS-graph\wwwroot\appsettings.json` file.
1. Find the key `Enter_Application_ID_here` and replace the existing value with the application ID (clientId) of `WebApp-blazor-wasm` app copied from the Azure portal.

> 1. Find the key `Enter_Tenant_ID_here` and replace the existing value with 'https://login.microsoftonline.com/'+$tenantId.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Find the key `Enter_Tenant_ID_here` and replace the existing value with your tenant ID.
```
